You want to spend your next vacation in a foreign country. 
<br>In the summer you are free for N consecutive days. 
<br>You have consulted Travel Agency and learned that they are offering a trip to some interesting location in the country every day. 
<br>For simplicity, each location is identified by a number from 0 to N − 1. 

Trips are described in a non-empty zero-indexed array A: for each K (0 ≤ K < N), 
  A[K] is the identifier of a location which is the destination of a trip offered on day K. 
<br>Travel Agency does not have to offer trips to all locations, and can offer
  more than one trip to some locations.

You want to go on a trip every day during your vacation. 
<br>Moreover, you want to visit all locations offered by Travel Agency. 
<br>You may visit the same location more than once, but you want to minimize duplicate visits. 
<br>The goal is to find the shortest vacation (a range of consecutive days) that 
  will allow you to visit all the locations offered by Travel Agency.

For example, consider array A such that:
```
    A[0] = 7
    A[1] = 3
    A[2] = 7
    A[3] = 3
    A[4] = 1
    A[5] = 3
    A[6] = 4
    A[7] = 1
```
Travel Agency offers trips to four different locations (identified by numbers 1, 3, 4 and 7). 
<br>The shortest vacation starting on day 0 that allows you to visit all these 
locations ends on day 6 (thus is seven days long). 
<br>However, a shorter vacation of five days (starting on day 2 and ending on day 6)
  also permits you to visit all locations. 
<br>On every vacation shorter than five days, you will have to miss at least one location.

Write a function:
```
int solution(vector<int> &A);
```
that, given a non-empty zero-indexed array A consisting of N integers, 
<br>returns the length of the shortest vacation that allows you to visit all the offered locations.

For example, given array A shown above, the function should return 5, as explained above.

Given A = [2, 1, 1, 3, 2, 1, 1, 3], the function should return 3. 
<br>One of the shortest vacations that visits all the places starts on day 3 (counting from 0) and lasts for 3 days.

Given A = [7, 5, 2, 7, 2, 7, 4, 7], the function should return 6. 
<br>The shortest vacation that visits all the places starts on day 1 (counting from 0) and lasts for 6 days.

Assume that:
- N is an integer within the range [1..100,000];
- each element of array A is an integer within the range [0..N − 1].

Complexity:
- expected worst-case time complexity is O(N);
- expected worst-case space complexity is O(N), beyond input storage 
  (not counting the storage required for input arguments)
